hello welcome to Mitchell school of
motoring on the day of your test
examiner will ask you some safety
questions on your vehicle for questions
are under the bonnet you only asked two
questions you generally do asked I under
bonnet safety question this is the
vehicle safety one of the questions is
the engine coolant level where would you
find the engine court level with how
would you know it is safe all right you
need to show them the engine coolant
bottle you point to it then you say that
engine core must be between the minimum
and the maximum mark its engine coolant
not just water it has antifreeze in it
if you've got no antifreeze in it car
freeze up in the winter another question
will be the brake fluid reservoir you
need to identify the brake fluid
reservoir and explain to him that it
knit the brake fluid needs to be between
it minimum and the maximum mark is
hydraulic fluid bite out of car shops
ask your mom or dad another question
would be to check the engine oil level
let's check the engine oil level you
identify the dipstick summer yellow
summer blow some orange you tell him you
take the tip stick out and you check the
oil is between the minimum and the
maximum mark obviously if you have no
oil it's not good for the engine car
stops if it needs oil it goes in here
the engine filler cap pour it in slowly
and gently a little bit at a time doing
it either fill it engine oil plus I mean
start the engine let it sell check it
again okay remember when you check the
engine or the engine must be stationary
and check it to match yours between the
minimum and the maximum
the last question that asked you for
under the bonnet will be leave
windscreen washer washer reservoir
that's this that's this you can see the
fluid in it there is not a minimum and
maximum mark on this that you have to
have fluid in it if you have no fluid in
it it's three points on your license if
the place stop you for any reason and
remember you are only allowed six points
on your license for the first two years
if you get seven points then take your
license away from you and you may have
to do a retest or you may just get a ban
okay thank you for listening to Mitchell
School of Motoring talk about it under
bonnet saito checks any questions feel
free to phone me thank you very much
indeed